 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.8.0 (2023-03-11)
**************************

This release merged updates from github.com with internal changes. This included:

* new release.yml fields (Deprecations and Actions),
* pull_request_template update (remove brackets from Issue Id, since it was often
  left in the final PRs, making the links broken), and
* removing the VERSION file (use ONLY tags for tracking versions in all repositories).


Installation Updates
====================

Remove VERSION file
-------------------

*From issue NRLMMD-GEOIPS/geoips#106: 2023-02-24, 1.8.0.dev1 merge resolutions*

Version will now be tracked via git tags/releases, to simplify the release process.

::

    removed: VERSION

Code Formatting and Style Updates
=================================

*From issue NRLMMD-GEOIPS/geoips#106: 2023-02-24, 1.8.0.dev1 merge resolutions*

Update pull_request_template.md Related Issues Format
-----------------------------------------------------

Remove brackets so people do not accidentally leave them in when updating Issue ID
number

::

    modified: .github/pull_request_template.md


Git Workflow Improvements
=========================

Add Deprecations and Actions labels to release.yml
--------------------------------------------------

*From issue NRLMMD-GEOIPS/geoips#106: 2023-02-24, 1.8.0.dev1 merge resolutions*

New labels for categorizing PRs within GitHub release notes.

::

    modified: .github/release.yml

Release Updates
===============

Add 1.8.0 release note
----------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#188: 2023-03-11, version update*

::  

    modified: CHANGELOG.rst
    new file: docs/source/releases/v1_8_0.rst
    modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
